How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?

The previous code was working before, therefore the error must have 
been made in a recent change.  By comparing the two versions, the 
recent changes are highlighted and it is much easier to spot the 
error that was made.

----

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Being able to access to all versions of a program will allow easier
control of the program by finding unnecessary or erraneous changes
that were made.

-----

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:
- Each change can be created to be significant
- Less versions will be created
- Easier to navigate through changes and see what has changed
Cons:
- User error, such as forgetting to save

-----

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat
each file seperately?

Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because the files may
be interlinked and will require to all be saved at once to work 
properly.  Google Docs treats each file seperately because files stored
in Docs are usually not interlinked and are not dependent on each other.

-----

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

Git log shows all commits and their corresponding user messages to what
has changed.  It is possible to view the changes in the code by using 
git diff with itself and the previous version commited.

-----

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

VCS allows greater confidence in making changes that might break something
because as long as previous working versions were commited, changes could 
always be reverted or corrected by comparing the versions and seeing what
could have gone wrong.

-----

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?

I would like to use git for creating some small python projects in order
to increase my understanding and familiarity with both Git and Python.

-----


